---
layout: article
title: Version 1.2.0
tag: first in...line?
desc: Changelog for First in...Line? v1.2.0
---
GGs on the jam, everybody!

Here's a new version of the game with a buncha improvements to hopefully make the game a bit more engaging. Here's a change-log:

- Added a timer to the "rehearsal scene" where you memorize your lines! In Hard mode, you get anywhere from 10 to 30 seconds (increasing as the game progresses) to memorize the line laid out before you. In Easy mode, there's no time limit imposed. Also, Hard mode has to be unlocked now — obtain a score of 10 or higher in Easy mode to access it! (If you crossed the threshold before, it'll be unlocked on start-up :3)
- Added... *[pause for ironic effect]* ...pause logic! If you go silent for too long, something will happen. In Easy mode, you'll get some stage direction from frame right. In Hard mode, however, wait around too long and you'll get heckled by some rude guy in the audience (+1 MISS). On that note, removed the 'MISS' text when you have no misses under your belt.
- Spruced up the look of a TON of stuff all around. New log assets, and new launcher stuff to match (and now there's even an exit animation — hooray, polish!), new hand-drawn curtains, beefed-up animations, and new variants for tons of things all around. Even cute roses when you win! Awww.
- Sped up the general game flow quite a bit, allowing you to totally biff a game embarrassingly early faster than ever. Also changed some timing so that your turn starts as SOON as the spotlight turns on. Before, it'd start a little bit after, and that caused some problems from what I've seen.
- Fixed a crash where a high score variable wasn't being updated properly. Thanx Paul!

If you liked this game in the PlayJam, consider buying the game to get the latest and greatest version! If you just wanna play the original version from the jam, or wanna try a simpler version before deciding, v1.1.0 (the last version submitted in time for the jam) is still available as a free download.

<br>
<a href="https://stuffbyrae.itch.io/first-in-line" class="button">Buy <i>First in...Line?</i> on Itch.io</a>