---
layout: article
title: Version 1.1.0
tag: first in... line?
desc: Changelog for First in... Line? v1.1.0
---
Quick update bringing a heck of a lot of new polish and features to the original build!

Here's a quick change-log:

- Added an Easy mode! This mode just adds onto the same pattern between rounds, in contrast to the previous standard mode (now "Hard mode") which give you an increasingly-long completely-randomized pattern each round. Scores are saved per mode — and your best score from v1.0.0 (if you've got one) will still be kept as your Hard mode score. Woohoo!
- Speaking of stats...added a "total misses" count, as well. I meant to, but just forgot.
- Added some more graphics to the game over screens! Also, added some randomized costumes and extra stage members inside the gameplay sequence. Keeps it interesting! I also added a quick "How to Play" segment inside the pause menu, just in case — plus, you can now back out to the title at any time from said pause menu, even during gameplay.
- Your character also now makes noise when you press correct buttons! Honk, honk, honk.
- Bunch of minor tweaks and fixes — adding wrapping paper to launcher, new itch.io page art, bumping the FPS up from 20 to 30, adding some misc. SFX I forgot, and showing the version number on the title screen for posterity.

If you've already downloaded the original, then sideload v1.1.0 right away for the jammiest experience possible!

<br>
<a href="https://stuffbyrae.itch.io/first-in-line" class="button">Buy <i>First in... Line?</i> on Itch.io</a>